apple#A sweet fruit
ball#Round toy
brave#Showing courage
calm#Free from stress
cloud#Sky water vapor
dance#Move to music
dream#Images during sleep
eager#Very excited
echo#Sound reflection
faith#Strong belief
frog#Jumping animal
gift#A present
glow#Soft light
hill#Small mountain
hope#Wanting something
idea#A thought
ink#Liquid for writing
joke#Funny saying
joy#Great happiness
kind#Caring and nice
kite#Flying toy
lamp#Light source
leaf#Part of a plant
magic#Power to do wonders
moon#Earths' satellite
nest#Birds' home
note#Short message
ocean#Large sea
orange#Citrus fruit
peace#No conflict
plant#Green living thing
queen#Female ruler
quick#Fast moving
rain#Falling water drops
river#Flowing water
shine#Give off light
star#Sky light at night
tiger#Big wild cat
trust#Belief in someone
umbrella#Rain protector
under#Below something
value#Importance or worth
violin#String instrument
window#Glass wall opening
wise#Full of knowledge
x-ray#Body scan image
yawn#Mouth open when tired
zebra#Striped animal
